{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TWILIO DEPLOYMENT\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 === Deploying to 'fall-detection-c624c'... i deploying functions i functions: preparing codebase default for deployment i functions: ensuring required API cloudfunctions.googleapis.com is enabled... i functions: ensuring required API cloudbuild.googleapis.com is enabled... i artifactregistry: ensuring required API artifactregistry.googleapis.com is enabled... 
\f2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1  functions: required API cloudbuild.googleapis.com is enabled 
\f2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1  artifactregistry: required API artifactregistry.googleapis.com is enabled 
\f2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1  functions: required API cloudfunctions.googleapis.com is enabled i functions: Loading and analyzing source code for codebase default to determine what to deploy Serving at port 8318 i functions: preparing functions directory for uploading... i functions: packaged /Users/giac0m0/Desktop/Falls/functions (69.37 KB) for uploading 
\f2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1  functions: functions folder uploaded successfully The following functions are found in your project but do not exist in your local source code: detectFall(us-central1) If you are renaming a function or changing its region, it is recommended that you create the new function first before deleting the old one to prevent event loss. For more info, visit https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/manage-functions#modify ? Would you like to proceed with deletion? Selecting no will continue the rest of the deployments. Yes i functions: creating Node.js 18 (1st Gen) function sendEmergencySMS(us-central1)... i functions: deleting Node.js 18 (1st Gen) function detectFall(us-central1)... 
\f2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1  functions[detectFall(us-central1)] Successful delete operation. 
\f2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1  functions[sendEmergencySMS(us-central1)] Successful create operation. i functions: cleaning up build files... 
\f2 \uc0\u9888 
\f1  functions: Unhandled error cleaning up build images. This could result in a small monthly bill if not corrected. You can attempt to delete these images by redeploying or you can delete them manually at https://console.cloud.google.com/gcr/images/fall-detection-c624c/us/gcf 
\f2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1  Deploy complete! Project Console: https://console.firebase.google.com/project/fall-detection-c624c/overview giac0m0@Jacks-MacBook-Pro functions %}